this was Germany in the early 30s
I know Stranger full of life
[Music]
[Applause]
this was Sally Bowles in the early 30s
[Music]
full of life
I love party doesn't my body drive you
wild with desire and love a special girl
I'm gonna be a great film star that is a
booze and sex don't get me first on the
brink of something fantastic I mean
Baron it's fun pointy innovations big
and frightening I'm Sally Bowl and
Robert had the strange mystical status
feeling about you so you're moving right
in okay okay
once but it wasn't a lasting
relationship but do you sleep with girls
or don't you Sally you don't ask
questions like that
I do the poor man he tries to love me I
may have my tiny faults baby
Sally is rather knowledgeable in these
areas does it really matter as long as
you having fun
what good is sitting all alone in your
room come hear the music play
life is come to
[Music]
[Applause]